Correct Question 44 (#389)
FidelusAleksander/ghcertified: content/en/questions/actions/question-044.md

> > https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/storing-workflow-data-as-artifacts#about-workflow-artifacts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> https://github.com/actions/download-artifact?tab=readme-ov-file#download-artifacts-from-other-workflow-runs-or-repositories
```
